Added description of the new fucntionality of erase tool (#449)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/digitize.en.md

result in a reshaped line following the edge of the drawn shape or a polygon with the drawn shaped
used to clip or expand the geometry.

> ## Reshape eraser tool

Reviewer: This needs to be a 3rd level header (like the other tools); you'll also need to add the tool in the list of available tools at the beginning of the section.

Author: Great, thank you @nirvn!

> The reshape eraser tool is a feature in the geometry editor, designed to facilitate the removal of parts of a line or polygon geometry. This tool enables to efficiently correct paths or polygons directly within the application interface and directly from the field conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reshape eraser tool is designed to ease the removal of parts of a line or polygon geometry. The tool mimics eraser tools from 2D drawing programs and works best with a stylus.
```

> Suppose you have a polygon representing a building footprint, but there's an unwanted protrusion. You can use the erase tool to precisely remove that portion of the polygon, ensuring accuracy in your geometry representation.

Reviewer: I'd remove that line entirely, just stick to a on paragraph description + the webm.

Author: Sorry for the delayed response. Thank you, @nirvn

![type:video](https://player.vimeo.com/video/499564854)<!-- markdown-link-check-disable-line -->

> ## Erase Tool Functionality

Reviewer: This should be moved to sit alongside the other tool, have it be a 3rd-level header, and harmonize title with the other tools (i.e. Erase tool, not Erase Tool Functionality).

Author: What do you think if it moved to the same section of reshape tool?

> The erase tool is a new feature introduced in the geometry editor, designed to facilitate the removal of parts of a line or polygon geometry. This tool enables users to efficiently correct paths or polygons directly within the application interface and directly from the field.

Reviewer: I'd avoid referring to features as "newly introduced", this doesn't age well.

> Suppose you have a polygon representing a building footprint, but there's an unwanted protrusion. You can use the erase tool to precisely remove that portion of the polygon, ensuring accuracy in your geometry representation.

Reviewer: I'm not completely sure I'd call the erase tool "precise" :) The reshape tool is a much more precise tool that'd probably better fit this example.

I'd also note that the erase tool works best with a stylus/pen.

Author: Do you think is better to replace the gif, and also add this quote "for more precision utilize with a stylus/pen"?

### How to Use

1. **Select the Erase Tool**: Locate the erase tool icon in the toolbar of the geometry editor.

2. **Choose Geometry to Erase**: Click on the line or polygon geometry that you want to edit using the erase tool.

3. **Erase Segments or Portions**:

    - For lines: Click and drag along the segment(s) you wish to erase.
    - For polygons: Click within the area you want to erase, and drag to define the portion to be removed.
4. **Confirm Erase Action**: Once you have selected the desired segments or portions to erase, release the mouse button to confirm the erase action.

> 5. **Finalize Changes**: Save your changes or continue editing as needed.

Reviewer: Wondering if we should get rid of this section. We do not go into that much detailing for other tools. I feel the two paragraphs introducing the feature + a screencast should be enough. We already go into more details on how to open the geometry editor toolbox to begin with.

Author: Yes, I think is better!
